ABOUT THE PROGRAM

ractivate is a fancy new program that does scripted KPS activation
over SSH.

The activation data is taken from an .ini file and includes a lot of
interesting features. The sample ini file ractivate.sample.ini is
abundantly documented.

This script does a PROPER activation. It operates simultaneously on
the KPS database and on the client database (ex: cliadm on
Shiitake). You can still use the broken automated activation from
teambox-console-setup to have a working KPS quickly without any kind
of hassle.

OPERATIONS: SSH CONNECTIONS

This programs needs to do 2 SSH connection to function: 1 to the
target KPS and the second to a client administration machine (cliadm
installed). The 2 connections are done for 2 reasons: the first one is
that it's pretty cool to be able to fully activate a KPS from the
comfort of your desktop: the second one is that it greatly simplified
the development of ractivate because it meant that both the KPS and
the administration side could be developed using a Request/Response
paradigm.

SSH authentication is expected to be done by password but it would be
pretty easy to support other means of authentication. It also have
some code to handle the case where the host key of the KPS isn't
recognized so KPS host keys don't have to be known in advance or
anything.

This program uses the interesting 'paramiko' Python library to give it
more control over how commands are executed over SSH. 'paramiko'
allows ractivate to maintain the 2 SSH connections over the whole
execution of the program.

OPERATIONS: EXISTING KEYS

ractivate can operate without generating you keys. This is an useful
features if you want to reactivate an existing client without
generating new keys. The downside of that is that you have to put the
keys data inside the ini file because the cliadm machine doesn't store
the private encryption key.

This could eventually be changed sometimes but this wasn't my goal
right now.

OPERATIONS: UNDO MODE

ractivate tries to operate in a transactional way. Every reversable
operation that succeed will be reversed if a later step in the set of
operation fails. This is called 'undo mode'.

Undo mode will work until after application of the KAP is
attempted. ractivate will not enter undo mode if the application of
the KAP fails because this operation might succeed partially and leave
the KPS system in a unexpected state.

ractivate will not enter undo mode in case of unexpected exceptions.

If you don't like the idea of undo mode you can disable it inside the
configuration file but you will have to manually undo the activation
steps yourself if something fails.
